5.0 immutable privileges (#1589)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

The `EXECUTE BOOSTED` privilege will no longer include an implicit `EXECUTE` privilege when granted.
That means that to execute a procedure or a function with boosted privileges both `EXECUTE` and `EXECUTE BOOSTED` are needed.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
[GRANT\|DENY] [IMMUTABLE] ...
----
a|

> Privileges can be specified as `IMMUTABLE` which means that they cannot be altered by users with Privilege Management. They can only be administered when running with full access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Privileges can be specified as `IMMUTABLE`, which means that they cannot be altered by users with Privilege Management. 
They can only be administered when running with full access or by disabling auth.
```

The `EXECUTE BOOSTED` privilege will no longer include an implicit `EXECUTE` privilege when granted.
That means that to execute a procedure or a function with boosted privileges both `EXECUTE` and `EXECUTE BOOSTED` are needed.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
[GRANT\|DENY] [IMMUTABLE] ...
----
a|
Privileges can be specified as `IMMUTABLE`, which means that they cannot be altered by users with Privilege Management. 

> They can only be administered when running with full access or by disabling auth.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure 'full access' will mean much to most users. Perhaps via the native/core/java/procedure API? I don't know the right word to use here.

Author: I suppose for the administrator-type audience the most meaningful way to refer to it might be: 

```suggestion
They can only be administered with auth disabled.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we can keep it brief in the additions / compatibility list. We should probably explain it in detail somewhere though.

Author: definitely. this is covered in more detail in the [tutorial](https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j-manual-modeling/blob/922daf4d82500ddd2a6257bb82c9cec6e942193f/operationsManual/asciidoc/tutorial/tutorial-immutable-privileges.adoc)
